Tianzheng recently
The benefits are growing.
You didn't deliberately let me go before, did you?
Oh your majesty
How can I say that I am also a reader?
Humph
The most upright person in the world is a scholar
The most treacherous thing about this is precisely what you readers hum
It seems that His Majesty is having trouble recently.
Recently, some people on the rich woman's side are not very honest.
Unfortunately, I don't have anything against them
Sir?
What do you think I should do?
Yo, what's wrong with your majesty?
Haha, you old thing!
Still as smooth as ever
Well, I won't make it difficult for you.
Thank you your majesty
Hahaha
Your Majesty, what's the matter?
There are students outside who want to see me first
Three leaders came outside
Said his name was Qin Feng
He is Qin Yuantu's nephew
Qin Feng
This name seems familiar
Your Majesty forgot the arson case of the Zhang family a few days ago
It was him
I remember giving him a decree on a whim that day
Let him assist Qin Yuandong in solving the case
I remember that he doesn't seem to be Guo Zijian's learner
Well, it really isn't.
Then I'm surprised
What is the purpose of his coming?
Someone change my clothes
I want to see
What kind of person is this young man who solved the Zhang family's case?